president of the latter mentis
it would be neither he nor absent for her
I wrote but inter to the courier of the
sports stadium
I receive so many things in this letter
which ones were suggested to with the engagement
by walter mazzarri
that time they gave him
largely right
now I want you suggested do everything
to confirm to the coach
mazzarri coach fundamental for the
naples if this team is struggling
that second place if this team does
will qualify the champions
the merit is above all rather it is only the
Mr. Mazzarri seems to me that over the years
has enhanced cavani has enhanced it
zuniga that progress is so many
compared to last year we have 15
points and next year I'm sure
we can finally count on that
word that is better not to say that
good luck
we have been in these four years
constantly at the top of football
Italian that we have always qualified
for the cups and above all we go to
wind the fourth Italian cup you say
naples must look at the philosophy of
borussia but it is not beautiful and wrong who
says this Naples must look to
creso fia of the borussia banner sells
constantly between the samples at the bayern
therefore as senna flys his own said
own hamsik specimens from cavani
to the juventus napoli de caria and the agro
sofia del bayern monaco
we must have players coming
from the youth
we have together we go to cannavaro
that just from the Neapolitan cantera but
we have to buy the players already
trained players already champions on a
having the samples we can make the jump
of equality and adopt with juventus
bring with the big teams if we have
a team of young people can never an
heaven in fact this is the title
when this video message to seconds
by the will of mazzarri and purchases i
players needed so we can
win this blessed word
that starts and ends or without a home
that I don't want next year
not even with salt and honestly with everything
respect for cheerful for pegs of
milk from these coaches for sure but
they would like hawking successes
Holland
then the president to do what
in the coach we did not go as we keep in
the fans so I do a right thing and
a right thing and keep the coaches
Mazzarri